#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    ./bin/compile_dependencies.sh
#
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via django
attrs==20.3.0
    # via jsonschema
certifi==2020.6.20
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.14.0
    # via cryptography
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
cryptography==3.0
    # via django-auth-adfs
django==3.2.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-appconf
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   django-auth-adfs-db
    #   django-axes
    #   django-choices
    #   django-filter
    #   django-privates
    #   django-redis
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   django-rosetta
    #   django-sendfile2
    #   django-sniplates
    #   djangodav
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   zgw-auth-backend
    #   zgw-consumers
django-admin-index==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-appconf==1.0.4
    # via django-axes
django-auth-adfs==1.6.1
    # via django-auth-adfs-db
django-auth-adfs-db==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-axes==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-choices==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   zgw-consumers
django-compat==1.0.15
    # via
    #   django-hijack
    #   django-hijack-admin
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-hijack==2.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-hijack-admin
django-hijack-admin==2.1.10
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-ipware==3.0.0
    # via django-axes
django-ordered-model==3.4.1
    # via django-admin-index
django-privates==1.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   zgw-consumers
django-redis==4.12.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-relativedelta==1.1.1
    # via zgw-consumers
django-rosetta==0.9.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-sendfile2==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-privates
django-sniplates==0.7.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django-solo==1.1.3
    # via
    #   django-auth-adfs-db
    #   zgw-consumers
djangodav @ git+https://github.com/MnogoByte/djangodav.git@f469d3142437866b8017ccd745fbb49ad06eddbc
    # via -r requirements/base.in
djangorestframework==3.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   zgw-auth-backend
djangorestframework-camel-case==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
drf-spectacular==0.21.2
    # via -r requirements/base.in
elastic-apm==5.8.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
faker==5.0.2
    # via zgw-consumers
furl==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
gemma-zds-client==1.0.1
    # via zgw-consumers
idna==2.10
    # via requests
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-spectacular
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via drf-spectacular
lxml==4.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   djangodav
orderedmultidict==1.0.1
    # via furl
pillow==9.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
polib==1.1.0
    # via django-rosetta
psycopg2==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   zgw-auth-backend
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   django-relativedelta
    #   faker
python-decouple==3.3
    # via -r requirements/base.in
python-dotenv==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pytz==2020.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-spectacular
    #   gemma-zds-client
redis==3.5.3
    # via django-redis
requests==2.24.0
    # via
    #   django-auth-adfs
    #   django-rosetta
    #   gemma-zds-client
    #   requests-mock
    #   zgw-consumers
requests-mock==1.8.0
    # via zgw-consumers
sentry-sdk==0.16.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   django-choices
    #   django-compat
    #   django-rosetta
    #   furl
    #   jsonschema
    #   orderedmultidict
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-spectacular
urllib3==1.25.11
    # via
    #   elastic-apm
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uwsgi==2.0.19.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
zgw-auth-backend==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements/base.in
zgw-consumers==0.17.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
